Add a Print Notations command (#15683)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/user-extensions/syntax-extensions.rst

   :flag:`Printing All` to disable other elements in addition to notations.

.. cmd:: Print Notation @string

>    Displays the level and associativity of a notation given by a parsing rule
>    :token:`string`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Displays the level and associativity of a notation given by its previously defined
   notation :token:`string`.
```

The command shows more than just "level and associativity".  Maybe just say "Displays information about ..."?

Reviewer: The notation string is used to generate productions in the grammar (sometimes more than one, e.g. for recursive notations) but it is somewhat different from the grammar/"parsing rules", so it seemed a bit imprecise.  IMHO.

How about just "Displays information about previously defined notations."?  There's an example right below this line.  It seems to me that simply _showing_ the output is more readable than _describing_ it in prose.  If we just say "information" then it allows for the possibility that you would see additional info for some notation strings.  Or if we later add more info in some cases, we wouldn't need to change the wording.  It's a useful vagueness.  Easy for the user to discover what it does.

FWIW, the form shown by `Print Grammar constr.` is closest to the actual grammar, though I think that's not so easy for users.

@Alizter Have you tried this for recursive notations?  See [Notations with recursive patterns](https://coq.inria.fr/distrib/current/refman/user-extensions/syntax-extensions.html#notations-with-recursive-patterns) and [Notations with recursive patterns involving binders](https://coq.inria.fr/distrib/current/refman/user-extensions/syntax-extensions.html#notations-with-recursive-patterns-involving-binders).  If the results are interestingly different from the current example, maybe include a recursive notation in the example.

Perhaps it would be helpful to also display the module name and line number of the Notation definition.

Reviewer 2: @jfehrle We are not querying the Notation *definition* but rather the *reservation*. This means that this command is blind to if this notation actually means anything. For that we have `Locate` which is able to locate notations and list their definitions and modules.

Recursive notations do work, see the PrintNotation.v file in the test-suite. The output of print notation even shows what exactly it is working with. If you write `Print Notation "x + y".` it will become `Print Notation "_ + _"` as we do some preprocessing. We would like users however to use the latter version since that is more clear, especially in the presence of symbols which have alphanumeric characters.

Reviewer: If it's an important distinction, then shouldn't the documentation be clear that it looks at the reservation?  And briefly mention `Locate`?

Author: Being vague has its advantages. However, explicitly describing in words what the command does allows for the possibility that a user discovers the command through keyword searching. Please see my recently pushed draft. I'm unsure it is really optimized for discoverability through keyword searching, though.

Reviewer: Well, "level" appears in the documentation 272 times and "associativity" 59 times.  In this case, searching the text is not so helpful.  On the other hand, it would make perfect sense to search for "Notation" in the commands index.

   .. example::

      .. coqtop:: all

         Reserved Notation "x $ y" (at level 123, right associativity).

>          Print Notation "x $ y".

Reviewer: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1253341/155425201-a64afb9e-1d79-4a3f-8a77-5b817a73b0db.png)

How about showing the info in the order it appears in the `Reserved Notation` and include the constant `$`?  Ex:
`"(constr NEXT LEVEL) $ (constr LEVEL 123)" at LEVEL 123, right associativity`?  I used caps to make the keywords stand out.  Not sure if that's workable for all cases.

You have an extra space before "right"

Author: I'm not sure how to print the information in that form. Right now we are just reusing the printers used in error messages.

> You have an extra space before "right"

Thanks, I'm fixing that now.

   :flag:`Printing All` to disable other elements in addition to notations.

.. cmd:: Print Notation @string {? in custom @ident }

   Displays information about the previously reserved notation string

>    :token:`string`. An optional custom entry may also be given.

Reviewer 2: @jfehrle Can you clarify what you mean by "notation string" being inaccurate?

>    :token:`string`. An optional custom entry may also be given.

Reviewer: Whoops, I should have removed that comment after I read the description of custom entries.

   .. coqtop:: all

      Reserved Notation "x $ y" (at level 123, right associativity).
      Print Notation "_ $ _".

   Variables can be indicated with either "_" or names, as long as these can not
   be confused with notation symbols. When confusion may arise, for example with
   notation symbols that are entirely made up of letters, use single quotes to
   delimit those symbols.

   .. note:: There must always be (at least) a space between notation symbols
             and arguments, even when the notation format does not include those
             spaces.

   .. example:: :cmd:`Print Notation`

      .. coqtop:: all

         Reserved Notation "x 'mod' y" (at level 40, no associativity).
         Print Notation "_ mod _".
         Print Notation "x 'mod' y".

         Reserved Notation "/ x /" (at level 0, format "/ x /").
         Fail Print Notation "/x/".
         Print Notation "/ x /".

         Reserved Notation "( x , y , .. , z )" (at level 0).
         Print Notation "( _ , _ , .. , _ )".

   .. exn:: :token:`string` cannot be interpreted as a known notation. Make sure
            that symbols are surrounded by spaces and that holes are explicitly

>             denoted with "_".

Reviewer 2: I saw this locally too, was wondering if I was missing some rendering stuff but it seems to be as you said. Fixed.

>       This error occurs when :cmd:`Print Notation` cannot find a notation
>       associated with :token:`string`. This can happen, for example, when the
>       notation does not exist in the current context, :token:`string` is not
>       specific enough, there are missing spaces between symbols, or some symbols
>       need to be quoted with "'". Try with the exact string used to reserve (or
>       define) the notation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Occurs when :cmd:`Print Notation` can't find a notation
      associated with :token:`string`. This can happen when the
      notation does not exist in the current context, :token:`string` is not
      specific enough, there are missing spaces between symbols, or some symbols
      need to be quoted with "'". Try using the exact string used to reserve (or
      define) the notation.
```

"Try using the exact string used to reserve (or define) the notation." - that probably means the user has to locate the reservation/definition, at which point they have all the info that `Print Notation` displays, so there's no point in using the command.  So maybe drop that sentence.

We frequently use `:undocumented:` for messages (as shown).  Getting a good description often requires reading the code, some are very complex to understand.  Some (many?) are not worth the effort, particularly when the message seems fairly self-explanitory.

```
   .. exn:: The @natural th argument of @ident must be @ident in @type.
      :undocumented:
```

   :flag:`Printing All` to disable other elements in addition to notations.

.. cmd:: Print Notation @string

   Displays information about the previously reserved notation string
   :token:`string`, namely the level at which it was reserved and its
   associativity.

   .. example::

      .. coqtop:: all

         Reserved Notation "x $ y" (at level 123, right associativity).
         Print Notation "_ $ _".

   Variables can be indicated with either "_" or names, as long as these can not
   be confused with notation symbols. When confusion may arise, for example with
   notation symbols that are entirely made up of letters, use single quotes to
   delimit those symbols.

   .. example::

      .. coqtop:: all

         Reserved Notation "x 'mod' y" (at level 40, no associativity).
         Print Notation "_ mod _".
         Print Notation "x 'mod' y".

   There must always be (at least) a space between notation symbols and
   arguments, even when the notation format does not include those spaces.

>    .. example::

Reviewer: If this is just a property of notation strings, maybe should just be a "Note:" here.  Also we try to keep all the important text together before getting into examples to make it quicker to read the text.  You can hyperlink from the text to the example if appropriate, but these are probably so close it's not needed.  Also we like to describe examples as in the `:: example:: my description`

Author: Ok, thanks! I have changed the doc accordingly.

      .. coqtop:: all

         Reserved Notation "/ x /" (at level 0, format "/ x /").
         Fail Print Notation "/x/".
         Print Notation "/ x /".

>    Recursive notations can also be printed, as the following example
>    illustrates.
> 
>    .. example::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. example:: Print Notation on a recursive notation
```

      .. coqtop:: all

        Reserved Notation "( x , y , .. , z )" (at level 0).
        Print Notation "( _ , _ , .. , _ )".

   .. exn:: :token:`string` cannot be interpreted as a known notation. Make sure
            that symbols are surrounded by spaces and that holes are explicitly

>             denoted with "_".

Author: Is there some other place in the refman that should list this new exception?

Reviewer: If it's already in the manual once, I wouldn't add it again.  A lot of messages apply to multiple commands or tactics.  The way the doc handles these today is not too great--it will be a project to get all the messages into the doc (requiring on code changes) and I think the presentation should be different for messages that apply to more than one command/tactic.  Nor will the error messages index work well with repeated messages.

Reviewer 2: @jfehrle I think the question is: Should we add this to an error index?

Author: This is fixed now! For future reference, the problem was that the documentation of the error message didn't have a body, only a title.
